Product mapping schema - documentation + reference (#695)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/apps/catalogs.md

### Step 3: Get products using catalogs

> Once you have an enabled catalog, you can paginate the corresponding product UUIDs using this [endpoint](/api-reference.html#Appcatalogproduct).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have an enabled catalog, you can paginate the corresponding products using this [endpoint](/api-reference.html#get_app_catalog_products).
```

Why don't you recommend the "Get the list of products related to a catalog" instead of "Get the list of product uuids", it's probably more useful for them.

Author: Because this documentation was written before having the products endpoints.

- Explore the [REST API reference](/api-reference-index.html) 

## Use the catalog product mapping

To further help you in your app development, you can use product mapping to push your data structure to Akeneo PIM and get pre-formatted product data. 

### What you'll learn

After completing this tutorial, you'll be able to push your JSON mapping schema to the PIM and get product data in the format you expect. 

### Requirements

- You have your [App developer starter kit](/apps/overview.html#app-developer-starter-kit)
- Your app already manages the authorization process 
- You followed the [Getting started with catalogs](#getting-started-with-catalogs) steps

### Step 1: Define your JSON schema

The first step to using the mapping feature is determining the JSON schema you need to push to the Akeneo PIM to get mapped product data. 

::: info 
**JSON Schema is a declarative language that allows to annotate and validate JSON documents.** It describes an existing data format, provides clear human- and machine-readable documentation, and allows to validate data which is useful for ensuring the quality of client-submitted data.
:::

> To help you define your schema, we advise you to use the following JSON Schema validator: [https://www.jsonschemavalidator.net/](https://www.jsonschemavalidator.net/) before pushing it to the Akeneo PIM. 
> 
> In the left panel, you can copy/paste our [product mapping meta-schema](/mapping/product/0.0.2/schema) and fill the right panel with your JSON schema. The validator highlights errors if there are some or displays a success message if your schema matches all our meta-schema constraints. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help you define your schema, we advise you to use this online validator pre-configured with our latest meta-schema: [jsonschemavalidator.net](https://www.jsonschemavalidator.net/s/jlmmR4k6). The validator highlights errors if there are some or displays a success message if your schema matches all our meta-schema constraints. 

You can also download the latest meta-schema at this url:  
[product mapping meta-schema](/mapping/product/0.0.2/schema) - v0.0.2 (November 10, 2022)
```

Question, do we need to list all available schema or only the latest ?

In the coming months, we will cover more property types and, therefore, more PIM attribute types.  
:::

### Step 2: Push your product mapping schema

Once your product mapping schema is ready, use the endpoint to [create or update the product mapping schema related to a catalog](/api-reference.html#put_app_catalogs_mapping_schema_product) to push your schema to the PIM and access the related configuration screen inside the PIM. 

### Step 3:  Get mapped product data 

Finally, get product data using the endpoint to [get the list of mapped products related to a catalog](/api-reference.html#get_app_catalog_mapped_products).

### Step 4: Test your implementation

To do so, please:
1. Log into your [developer sandbox](/apps/overview.html#app-developer-starter-kit)
2. Click `Connect`, `Connected apps`, `Catalogs`, then the name of your catalog
3. Go to the `Product mapping` tab 
4. Fill in the mapping and enable the catalog using the `Enable catalog` button in the catalog header

We use your product mapping schema to display a screen where your users will configure their catalog. Here is how we use the JSON schema data:

> <!-- TODO screenshot with helpers -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- TODO screenshot with helpers -->
```
Still TODO ?
